---
title: Introduction
description: 'Build and send emails using Vue.'
head:
  title: 'VueEmail: Build and send emails using Vue'
  description: 'It provides everything related to Building and sending emails using Vue. This includes components, render utilities.'
---

This module is inspired by the [Resend](https://resend.com/) team's [React Email](https://react.email/docs/introduction) library, its goal is to provide everything related to Building and sending emails using Vue. This includes components, render utilities.

## Getting Started

Vue Email is designed to be incrementally adopted, so you can add it to most codebases that support vue in a few minutes.

::card-group
  ::card
  ---
  title: Installation
  icon: i-ph-hammer-bold
  to: /getting-started/installation
  ---
  Learn how to install VueEmail in your project.
  ::
::

## Components

This is a set of standard components to help you build amazing emails without having to deal with the mess of creating table-based layouts and maintaining archaic markup.



::card-group
  ::card
  ---
  title: HTML
  icon: i-ph-file-code-bold
  to: /components/html
  ---
  A Vue html component to wrap your email content.
  ::
  ::card
  ---
  title: Container
  icon: i-ph-grid-nine-bold
  to: /components/container
  ---
  The main wrapper that hold your content.
  ::
  ::card
  ---
  title: Button
  icon: i-ph-text-b-bold
  to: /components/button
  ---
  A Vue button component to help build emails.
  ::
  ::card
  ---
  title: Text
  icon: i-ph-text-aa-bold
  to: /components/text
  ---
  A block of text seeprated by blank spaces.
  ::
::


## Integrations

In order to use Vue Email with any email service provider, you’ll need to convert the components made with Vue into a HTML string. This is done using the [render](/utilities/render) utility.


::card-group
  ::card
  ---
  title: Resend
  to: /integrations/resend
  ---
  Send email using Resend.
  ::
  ::card
  ---
  title: Nodemailer
  to: /integrations/nodemailer
  ---
  Send email using Nodemailer.
  ::
  ::card
  ---
  title: Sendgrid
  to: /integrations/sendgrid
  ---
  Send email using Sendgrid.
  ::
  ::card
  ---
  title: Postmark
  to: /integrations/postmark
  ---
  Send email using Postmark.
  ::
  ::card
  ---
  title: AWS SES
  to: /integrations/aws-ses
  ---
  Send email using AWS SES.
  ::
  ::card
  ---
  title: MailerSend
  to: /integrations/mailersend
  ---
  Send email using MailerSend.
  ::
::


## Features

- Build email templates with Vue components
- Integrates with many email providers
- Tested against popular email clients
- Supports Tailwind CSS
- First-class support for Nuxt 3
- Fully typed

## Credits

- [react-email](https://github.com/resendlabs/react-email)
